Okay quick little card component isn't
super easy it's probably not even worth
going through but we need to make it.
So make a new one card TSX and
we can just copy it.
There's really nothing new to
learn from this card component but
it is very necessary for our app.
It's using CLSX here again,
which again just literally just puts
these two strings together because I
don't want to do backticks and
I don't want to use a plus sign.
So I use that instead.
Okay?
Any questions on that?
Input, very much the same,
we got the input,
I don't think there's really,
actually, inputs a little different.
Let's see if someone catches this.
We'll make an input one here.
There's so many ways you can do this.
Okay.
Let's think about this one.
There's really no wrong
answer on this one.
So we just had a conversation about
when do we use client components?
Well, inputs are things that
require interaction, no?
Would this be a good example for
a client component?
Yes, yeah it could be I mean usually
if you have an input it's probably
a control component where you have state
a hook on change something like that.
And you could do that here but if you
notice I don't have any of that here.
It's gone, right?
I've practiced the art of,
the zen of like moving everything
far away from components and
trying to squeeze them down
at the smallest level.
So I can almost never have
to use client components.
That's what I've been practicing.
So this input, although could
be controlled and have a value.
It isn't defined here.
It's only passing as a prop so
it can remain a server component and
push that responsibility somewhere else.
But yes, if you wanted to
define your state hooks and
your use effects and
bind all that stuff here,
you would absolutely have to go
up here and say, use client.
But I think that's the responsibility
of the form, in my opinion.
I think the form should have the state and
all that stuff and
pass it into the input and
not the inputs themselves.
Because then if you do that,
you actually like run into so
many problems when you start using
multiple versions of that input.
So I think that's
the responsibility of the form.
So like a form is probably a component
that's always going to be a client
component.
I don't think that's ever going
to be a server component.
Because why do you have a form if
you're not gonna let people like,
interact with it?
So and you can't really interact with
it if it's a server component.